(DOCSP-17052): Create Projection documentation and code examples (#1450)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/ios/fundamentals/object-models-and-schemas.txt

   To learn how to add relationships to your Realm object, see
   :ref:`ios-declare-relationship-properties`.

.. _ios-build-view-models-with-realm:

Build View Models with Realm
----------------------------

.. versionadded:: 10.?

> You can work with a subset of your {+realm+} object's properties by creating 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can work with a subset of your {+client-database+} object's properties by creating 
```
